>> Scott: Typings is the module,
this feature,
that my friend Blake made
that pretty much just, so
in TypeScript, how does the tooling
know about all this code?
How does the tooling support you,
or give you support for
the types, it gives you support for what
this thing is expecting, the interfaces.
How is it aware of your code?
We have these type files,
these type definition files.
And Typings is a module that
will fetch those community built
type definition files for you so
you don't have to create them yourself.
So, because TypeScript is so new,
unfortunately, there are a lot of
great open source projects that
don't have type definition files.
But on the flipside, developers are making
them but you can make them yourself, and
then this Typings module will fetch them
for you and bring them into your project.
Yes, we had a question back there?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, back on that
clock example, they're asking if
when you instantiate a new clock, do
they need to pass in the two parameters?
>> Scott: Yes.
They have to pass in the two parameters,
the hour and the minute.
And they both have to be numbers.
But it will build,
it will just throw an error at build time.
Like ,hey, by the way,
you forgot to do this.
But it'll still work.
But then, you're just defeating the
purpose of typescript if you ignore it.
What's the point?
You might as well just get rid of it.
Yeah, so, Typings is a module that will
get those type definition files for
you to make your tooling aware of the
types and the code that you didn't create.
So, all this code that we empty and
install, we want our tooling
to be aware of that.
So, that's what this thing does.
And there's tons of places
where Typings look.
There's actually a repository.
I forgot the name of it.
It's blanking me right now.
But there's a repository for
some of our caps.
Some people put them on
another repository, whatever.
But this module will find
the right one and put it in for
you and set it all up so
everything's working.
It's pretty, pretty awesome.
>> Speaker 3: Definitely typed.
>> Scott: Definite the type, There it is.
>> Speaker 3: T-shirt.
>> Scott: There you go.
>> Speaker 4: [CROSSTALK]
>> Scott: Cool.
So Angular 2 with ES6.
Like I said, it's almost the same as
TypeScript without the types interfaces.
Because, we do have decorators, but
we don't have annotations, And
they almost look exactly the same.
But ES6, and especially babel,
they don't really support
the annotations that Angular 2 needs.
So we have to override
the parameters explicitly for
the dependency injection to work properly.
And there's examples of that in
the repo that Lukas put up earlier on
how that looks.
So this is what you would have to do
if you're using ES6 with Angular.
And that's really the only difference.
Every thing else is exactly the same.
It's just because the metadata and
annotations don't work properly,
you might have to be explicit about how
you reflect the metadata, either by
using the reflect metadata plug in, or
what I said here is define dependency
parameter explicitly using a Gitter on the
parameter's property inside of a class.
So those are two ways to do it.
But other than that, it's the same thing.
You could even still use the TypeScript
compiler, or Transpiler,
the hipster term for compiler.
And it'll still work,
depending on what features you wanted.
So I recommend using babel if
you're just gonna go straight ES6.
But if you're just lazy and you're
like I've already got TypeScript here,
you can use a TypeScript compiler and
you'll still be fine.
But, yeah, babel has experimental
features that TypeScript does not.
So, that's, that's my thing.
Babel keeps up with the different
stages that the proposals are in, so
everything in like stage four is
what's gonna be released next.
And then you go all the way up to like
straw man, stage zero, something that
somebody just made last night, and
you can use that today in babel.
Which is awesome.
So, I recommend using babel if
you're just gonna go pure ES6.
>> Scott: Any questions on that?
No?
Cool.
With ES5, different story.
First of all, don't do it.
Just don't.
Just don't do it.
You know when React first came out
people like TSX, I'm not using this,
this is stupid.
Well, then they couldn't find
any documentation on Stack Overflow or
the docs.
And everybody was like all right,
all right.
I guess I gotta use JSX.
That's what's gonna happen here.
There's already lacking documentation
on the Angular.io website.
If you go through the,
there's a five minute tutorial,
there's some stuff on there.
But then you go into the long
tutorial that they have in there,
there's no docs, there's no docs on this.
Good luck.
So, I recommend not doing it.
But if you were gonna do it,
this is how you would have to do it.
It's supported, natively,
obviously, because it's just ES5.
So you don't have to build compile
anything, just run it in the browser.
But because of that,
now we have globals, right?
So there is no module
system like Angular 1.x.
Angular 1.x had angular.module,
we can encapsulate everything like that.
They don't have that this time, sorry.
So what do you have to do?
Well, now you gotta go back, and
you either have to do an IIFE,
like you did in backbone, right?
Everybody did that.
Or you have to use required JS,
or whatever you want to use for
your module system.
Or maybe you just don't care, and
you just put everything on a window.
I don't know.
>> Speaker 2: But don't do that, either.
>> Scott: Yeah, just put all that stuff,
the passwords and all that stuff,
right there in the window.
It's all cool.
>> Speaker 4: [LAUGH]
>> Scott: They're never gonna find it.
Just put a couple underscores in front
of it and let them figure it out.
That's all you gotta do.
But it exposes a global NG namespace.
So, that's the global object that
you'll get when you load up Angular.
Whereas Angular 1.x to
Global Object you got was Angular,
in Angluar 2 the global
object you get is NG.
And it exposes the same stuff
that it does in Angular.
It exposes the same stuff if you're
using ES6 or ES2000, or TypeScript.
It's just on one object.
So no need for bill system or transpiler.
No, type files files or configs.
That's legit.
You don't have to worry
about none of that stuff.
That's cool, I think.
Documentation is lacking,
and ot recommended.
I meant not, but I forgot the n.
>> Speaker 3: Are you saying
that it's hot recommended?
>> Scott: I think it, yeah,
that's what I meant to say.
Hot recommended, so [LAUGH] yeah,
don't, just don't do it.
I mean, I can't really think of
a good reason why you would,
especially with ES2015 as a standard.
You should at least minimally
be doing that, that's the thing.